W-11999648 update overview to standard bsj (#79)
mulesoft/docs-functional-monitoring: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/afm-concepts.adoc

// Reused in index.adoc and specific feature topics

// tag::afm-monitors[]

> A monitor is a repeating schedule of one or more tests. Monitors might also be referred to as test suites. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A monitor is a repeating schedule of one or more tests. Monitors are also called test suites. 
```

> A monitor is a repeating schedule of one or more tests. Monitors might also be referred to as test suites. 

Reviewer: Is there a way you can write all of these definitions without repeating the term in the first phrase? For example:

A monitor is  a repeating schedule... > A repeating schedule...

The definition of test might present a challenge to doing this but maybe you can think of something.

Author: The reason I repeat the phrase for the definitions is that I use some of these definitions in other contexts where it wouldn't make sense without it.

> A monitor is a repeating schedule of one or more tests. Monitors might also be referred to as test suites. 

Reviewer: Is there a way you can write all of these definitions without repeating the term in the first phrase? For example:

A monitor is a repeating schedule... > A repeating schedule...

The definition of test might present a challenge to doing this but maybe you can think of something.

Author: The reason I repeat the phrase is that I use some of these definitions in other contexts where it wouldn't make sense without it.

// end::afm-monitors[]

// tag::afm-tests[]

> Tests are run in monitors on a defined schedule. Test cases are defined using Behavior Driven Development (BDD) language, a common, declarative, and easy-to-use behavior-description language. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests run in monitors on a defined schedule. Test cases are defined using Behavior Driven Development (BDD) language, a common, declarative, and easy-to-use behavior-description language. 
```

Reviewer: Can you make this more active - "You define test cases by using Behavior Driven Development...

Author: If done through the UI, the BDD is generated. They can edit it manually, but the passive construct is actually more accurate here.

// end::afm-tests[]

// tag::afm-bdd[]

> The BDD language is used to write tests. It is based on DataWeave and follows the “given-when-then” approach to describe behavior in terms of conditions and expected outcomes.

Reviewer: If you remove the "The BDD language is," you can say "A DataWeave-based language that follows...

Author: Same as mentioned previously. Sometimes the BDD is generated.

// end::afm-bdd[]

// tag::afm-test-suites[]

See <<afm-monitors>>. 

// end::afm-test-suites[]

// tag::afm-schedules[]

Schedules are designated intervals and durations configured in monitors for test suites to run.

// end::afm-schedules[]

// tag::afm-bb-testing[]

> Black box testing validates the overall behavior of an API and its live dependencies as a whole, based entirely on inputs and outputs. These tests are done without knowing or altering the API internals &mdash and without simulation or mocking.

Reviewer: (If you remove the repetitive initial phase:
Testing that validates...

// end::afm-bb-testing[]

// tag::afm-wb-testing[]

White box testing validates the behavior of individual APIs against the understanding of how their internals work. As part of this type of testing, you mock and simulate dependencies, such as back-end systems and other APIs.

// end::afm-wb-testing[]

// tag::afm-runtime-monitoring[]

> Runtime monitoring ensures that deployed APIs are operating within the expected performance level in production environments. Runtime monitoring uses behavioral test cases with real inputs, expected outputs, and live dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime monitoring ensures that deployed APIs operate within the expected performance level in production environments. Runtime monitoring uses behavioral test cases with real inputs, expected outputs, and live dependencies.
```

// end::afm-runtime-monitoring[]

// tag::afm-private-locations[]

> A private location is a mule application that runs in an environment in Cloudhub 1.0. You can run tests against APIs that are accessible only within the private location. The private location environment might have an Anypoint VPC associated with it. You can create multiple private locations in a single instance of Anypoint VPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A private location is a mule application that runs in a Cloudhub 1.0 environment. You can run tests against APIs that are accessible only within the private location. The private location environment might have an Anypoint VPC associated with it. You can create multiple private locations in a single instance of Anypoint VPC.
```

Author: It's an Anypoint environment deployed in Cloudhub 1.0, so I'm not sure rewording this is technically correct. I did a search and don't see anywhere in the Cloudhub 1.0 doc where we say "Cloudhub environments", so I'd like to leave this one as it is.

// end::afm-private-locations[]

// tag::afm-public-locations[]

A public location is a region, or resource pool, that is shared with other MuleSoft customers. Examples of such regions are `us-east-1`, `us-east-2`, and `eu-central-1`.

// end::afm-public-locations[]

// tag::afm-private-apis[]

> Private APIs are APIs with endpoints that are accessible only within your network, inside an Anypoint VPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Private APIs are APIs with endpoints that are accessible only within your network inside an Anypoint VPC.
```

// end::afm-private-apis[]

// tag::afm-public-apis[]

> Public APIs are APIs with endpoints that are exposed to the open internet. Tests of such endpoints are run by workers that themselves run in public locations or private locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Public APIs are APIs with endpoints that are exposed to the public internet. Tests of such endpoints are run by workers that themselves run in public locations or private locations.
```
